**Details:** 
I started investing with a financial advisor in March of 2021. Started with $53000 across two accounts. I have a TOD investment account and a Roth IRA. Currently sitting at $56686.18. This is only slightly positive after factoring in my additional deposits over these last four years. This year I am investing $7000 annually in my Roth IRA which is the maximum allowed for my income level. 

**Roth IRA** 
- $36,118.94 (As of 4/23/2025) 
- 96.27% Mutual Fund Open end (81.20% US stocks, 14.98% Non-US stocks) 
- 3.73% Money Market (Cash) 

**TOD Investment** 
- $20,567.24 (As of 4/23/2025) 
- 97.46% Exchange-Traded Fund (All US stocks) 
- 2.54% Money Market (Cash) 

**Questions for Roger:** 
- What do you think is the absolute minimum I should be seeing as a yearly return? Perhaps the same as inflation? I did the math when I was home and I believe I was hovering around a ~2% annual increase. 
- Based on these details, do you think I should be concerned about my current outlook?  
- I’m sure quite a few people are shaken up by the volatile movement of the stock market recently. Do you think it would be wise to make changes to these accounts during such a volatile period?  
- Do you know if it is possible to invest in Canada while being a US resident? My parents thought this wasn’t possible, but I wanted to check with you. I am also planning to move back to Calgary eventually so diversifying in this way is attractive to me.

**Questions for Julia:** 
- Why is everything so actively managed 
- Appears we’re trying to beat the market but we are just doing worse than the standard S&P 500 
- Compare my returns to standard S&P 500 returns over the last four years 
- Get Julia to explain the decisions made 
- What are your fees again? 
- Determine your personal exposure to stocks vs bonds 
	- Bond market is good for stability 
	- Rough eqn: age = % in bonds 
- Greater diversification -> Canadian ETFs  
- Use investment platforms 
	- iShares 
	- Vanguard