**Yesterday:**

Hosted a meeting with Froggers folks to coordinate some work and make progress on both stories that involve lir-svc api updates. Sounds like Rajkumar is who I need to be talking to but haven't heard from him yet. 

Lot of code review reading. Mostly finished with Daniel's. Just a couple of nits and a few questions for my own understanding. Holding off on Steve's for the meantime. 

**Today:**

Britt wanted me to ensure we have set tolerations on all k9 deployments as well as ensure K9 code has keepalive for all gRPC dials.

Start creating TOI for lir-svc

Probably need to sync with Matt about the bug he is triaging 

Start looking at the ACM logs for that other lir bug that was just assigned to us yesterday.

change configmap saverelease logging