- Talked to Steve and Ron a bit about how we would potentially get file working on homefleet in the future 

- Want to do my accelerating impact donation
- Review Jonathan's troubleshooting TOI
- Available to help out Matt or Jonathan more if they need me
- Build the registry - OSRB responsibility

Need to take off a little early for a red rocks concert this evening



